EXT Authorization Policies (#1836)
kyma-project/busola: docs/extensibility/display-section.md

#### Widget-specific parameters

- **collapsible** - an optional array of extra widgets to display as an extra collapsible section. Uses the same format as the **children** parameter.

> - **collapsibleTitle** - an optional prop for **collapsible**, where could be define title for collapsible sections as string or jsonata function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **collapsibleTitle** - an optional option for **collapsible** to define title for the collapsible sections, as string or the JSONata function.
```

- **disablePadding** - an optional boolean which disables the padding inside the panel body.

> - **showHeader** - an optional boolean which disables displaying head row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **showHeader** - an optional boolean which disables displaying the head row.
```

> - **showSearchField** - an optional boolean which disables displaying search input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **showSearchField** - an optional boolean which disables displaying the search input.
```
